The Joe Rogan experience.
So what's happening with your show, man? What are you doing? What's the latest,
oh. You're.
Just gonna go right for the big.
One. Let's get in there, man. All right. First of all, I love your show.
I've been loving it for years. It's fun and I'm a giant muscle car fan,
so it's right up my alley, but, uh, what's the latest, well.
Everybody holding onto your hat out there fast and loud is no more.
Uh, I have exited discovery and, uh, I'm a free agent.
What we're gonna be doing some cool things in 2021. And, uh, it just was, uh,
a perfect storm. So to speak. It was time for me to, uh, uh,
expand and grow a little bit.
And I'd kind of gotten to the top of that mountain, uh, being discovery.
And there, there wasn't anything else for me to do there. So, wow. I used to,
you know, this year, uh, to kind of rethink and, uh,
reshape what I wanna do in the future. And, uh, so, uh, fast and loud,
no ma jeez Louise man, eight years though. And that's a long run, you know,
that's very hundred-ish episodes and, uh, you know, that's,
there's only so many times you can buy a car, fix a car, sell a car,
and it was time to make some changes, make it more fun. And uh,
so the stuff we've got coming out in 2021 is gonna be quite a blast. What.
You.
You know, I want let the cat outta the bag. So to speak.
A wonder woman bracelets. Yeah. <laugh> shaking off bullets with those.
Yeah. Lady asked me one touch. She goes, don't those bother you?
When they make noise, they only make noise when I do this.
Did you tell that to her? Yeah.
<Laugh>, it's.
A good joke. Uncomfortable conversation. Uh, she thought it was funny.
Oh, you know, that was the back of my single days. Right? Person. Well,
I'm married now. Right? Person. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, uh, yeah, we're gonna,
I think I'm gonna end up doing a podcast cuz there's not a whole lot going on in
my genre, in the podcast world. I mean,
I know some guys are doing it and they're doing well,
but I've never been allowed to before, you know? So you gotta,
you gotta realize that when I signed my deal with, uh,
disco was almost 10 years ago, you.
Call it disco. Yeah.
So disco, so discovery didn't, you know, social media didn't even exist hard.
Yeah. Yeah. So I signed off on all media.
So up to this point until literally.
You know, a couple of all media, including social media.
It wasn't even social media back then. I mean,
what is it like MySpace or something?
Well, I was doing something on, uh,
another network back in the day and they wanted to get control of my social
media. That was like part of the deal.
And they thought it was just like an easy, yes, no, it's not. And I was like,
you can eat. There's no way you could pay for it. But well, it was ridiculous.
They wanted to use it to promote other shows on their network. Correct.
I'm like, what are you talking about? And they're like, well,
everybody else lets us do it. I go, I have millions of followers.
Like there's no chance. You're just gonna get access to that free. Now.
I had the same conversation several times. They wanted.
It's weird conversation. Right? It's like that, you know, they're being,
weasely like, you know, this is a valuable thing, you know, Hey, no big deal,
Richard. We'd just like to use your entire social media to, uh,
promote a lot of other discovery programs. No big deal. Yeah. No big deal.
You're cool with that. Right. Okay. Good sign here.
Well, see they try that. But uh, I couldn't post myself.
I couldn't do things like of myself for a lot of the time.
Like if I went out and bought a car and my camera crew wasn't with me and so I
took my camera phone and whatever, and I wanted to post about it.
I wasn't able to do that. You weren't allowed no who? Yeah,
it was pretty rough, but that's ridiculous.
But that would just boost up your social media, which would boost up the show.
You.
Would think.
So you would think that that would be the thought that I'm going to, uh,
you know, help boost the show. Help walk.
Me through a conversation with one of these knuckleheads. I can't well,
a fake conversation. Pretend I can't let's pretend it's not discovery channel.
Let me tell you it's uh, it's called the HHA network. Yeah.
It's let me tell you it's so it's so bad. You know, the question would be how,
how was my tenure there? You know, and how, how well was I treated? And uh,
so the answer is, um,
there's a piece of the contract of the contract when I exited.
Oh, that you can't talk that I can't.
Talk it's up to the $25,000.
Fine per occurrence of you per occurrence of you talking of me talking. Oh well,
can I talk? You can talk as much as you want. I love.
The discovery channel. <laugh> I would talk, but I watched their.
Programs. I like it time. I like it too.
I think the automotive programming could have been a little stronger and we
wanted to make some changes, but we were just kind of stuck in a rut.
The problem is.
They are business and businesses will get away with whatever they can get away
with.
There's a reason why we had to make regulations to make sure that companies
don't dump chemicals into rivers. Yeah.
It's cuz there's certain people that when they can get away with something,
they'll get away with something. So anybody that's telling you,
but the problem is it's so shortsighted,
anybody that's telling you that you can't post something on your social media
without out a camera crew there, the representing discovery channel.
It's so silly because it would boost your social media. The more you post,
the more interesting you put particularly about muscle cars, right? The more,
the more it boosts your social media, the more people are gonna watch your show.
It's just, it's math. It's like the, the rising tide lifts all boats.
Uh, I agree with you a hundred percent, but uh, the hours that be,
they were not having it.
It took me five years of literally begging to do a crossover with, uh,
chip Fuze. No,
and of course that episode did so well that they all think they're, uh,
genius geniuses now. But, uh, you know, so I, I had a good run with discovery.
I'm ready for the next thing, which, uh, by the way, if you're a,
if you're a producer or a, or a net work or a streamer out there,
I'm a free agent. And I would have to say, I might be a very big free agent.
Woo <laugh>.
Catch new episodes. The Joe Rogan experience for free only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video and
audio ex experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data cost. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan experience.